You can do anything, but not everything. -David Allen
I only hope that we don't lose sight of one thing - that it was all started by a mouse. -Walt Disney
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take. - Wayne Grezky
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear. - Ambrose Redmoon
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. - Gandhi
When hungry, eat your rice; when tired, close your eyes. Fools may laugh at me, but wise men will know what I mean. - Lin Chi
The third-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking with the majority. The second-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking the minority. The first-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking. - A. A. Milne
To the man who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a nail. - Abraham Maslow
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit. - Aristole
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends. - Baltoasar Gracian
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of men of the old; seek what they sought - Basho
Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habits. Watch your habits; they become character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny. —Lao-Tze
Everyone is a genius at least once a yer. The real geniuses simply have their bright ideas closer together. -Georg Christoph Lichtenberg
What we think, or what we know, or what we believe is, in the end, of little consequence. The only consequenece is what we do. - John Ruskin
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes. - Marcel Proust
Try a thing you haven't done three times. Once, to get over the fear of doing it. Twice, to learn how to do it. And a third time, to figure out whether you like it or not. - Virgil Garnett Thomson
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. - Will Rogers
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily. - Zig Ziglar
Before I got married, I had six theories about bringing up children; now I have six children and no theories. - John Willmot
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility, there are so few of us left. - Oscar Levant
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. - Oscar Wilde
I've gone into hundreds of fortune-teller parlors, and have been told thousands of things, nobody ever told me I was a policewoman getting to arrest her. - New York City detective
Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand. - Kurt Vonnegut
Just the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses. They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright Brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown. - Carl Sagan
My pessimism extends to the point of even suspecting the sincerity of the pessimists. - Jean Rostand
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world. - Lily Tomlin
I quit therapy because my analyst was trying to help me behind my back. - Richard Lewis
We've heard that a million monkeys at a million keyboards could produce the complete works of Shakespeare; now thanks to the Internet, we know that is not true. - Robert Wilensky
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions? - Scott Adams
If the lessons of History teach us anything it is that nobody learns that History teaches us. - Anon
When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President. Now I'm beginning to believe it. - Clarence Darrow
Laughing at our mistakes can legthen our own life. Laughing at someone else's can shorten it. - Cullen Hightower
There are many who dare not to kill themselves for fear of what the neighbors will say. - Cyril Connolly
There's so much comedy on television. Does that cause comedy in the streets? - Dick Cavett
All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit to it. I myself deny it. - H.L. Mencken
I don't mind what Congress does, as long as they don't do it in the streets and frighten the horses. - Victor Hugo
I took a speed reading course and read "War and Peace" in twenty minutes. It involves Russia. - Woody Allen
The person who reads too much and uses his brain too little will fall into lazy habits of thinking. - Albert Einstein
Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it. - Andre Gide
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. - Aristotle
I'd rather live with a good question than a bad answer. - Aryeh Frimer
We learn something every day, and lots of times it's that what we learned the day before was wrong. - Bill Vaughan
I have made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it shorter. - Blaise Pascal
Don't ever wrestle with a pig. You'll both get dirty, but the pig will enjoy it. - Cale Yarborough
An inventor is simply a fellow who doesn't take his education too seriously. - Charles F. Kettering
Asking a working wirter what he thinks about critics is like asking a lamppost how it feels about dogs. - Christopher Hampton
Better to write for yourself and have no public, than to write for the public and have no self. - Cril Connolly
Never be afraid to laugh at yourself, after all, you could be missing out on the joke of the century. - Dame Edna Everage
I am patient with stupidity but not with those who are proud of it. - Edith Sitwell
Normal is getting dressed in clothes that you buy for work and driving through traffic in a car that you still are paying for - in order to get to the job you need to pay for the clothes and the car, and the house you leave vacant all day so you can afford to live in it. - Ellen Goodman
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity. - Ellen Parr
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't. - Erica Jong
Some people like my advice so much that they frame it upon the wall instead of using it. - Gordon R. Dickson
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat. - Lily Tomlin
Never ascribe to malice, that which can be explained by incompetence. - Napoleon (Hanlon's Razor)
Imagination was given to amn to compsenate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. - Oscar Wilde
When a person can no longer laugh at himself, it is time for others to laugh at him. - Thomas Szasz
It's fun to do the impossible. - Walt Disney
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney